well does the second day of worlds group
stage with coverage presented by you GG
I'm joined right now by empty who's
gonna talk to me a little bit about how
things are going with the team so first
off maybe we should just tackle it like
what happened between playing and now
that let baby go in since I'm not doing
very well in the po5 versus supermassive
and I did I think I did poorly in the
recent scream so I tried to bring in
baby and since Bray Bay is he can
provide more early game a question so
they want to try a baby out for in for
the IG game because I choose team name
is famous for the early questions and
how do you feel about the current state
of the team right now in group stage you
think are you guys okay are you gonna
bounce back after the last today or what
do you think about the team overall I
think we didn't to pull another game so
we might have we might have a chance to
bounce back after this lose since um I
think we have several play styles so we
can attempt to the met the teams in
group stage I guess can you talk to me a
little bit about the Zach pick because
I'm kind of curious about your thoughts
on it
Ning is the SAC player while he is
playing in an LPO so I guess they wanted
to pick sack right right before the
depend I mean the fourth and the fifth
pen so yeah they just picky really in
the third pick so if second being
punished but I know he came I think this
pick is very good for them now there's a
lot of Western fans who are watching
world's us here and maybe they're not as
familiar with G Rex I'm kind of curious
if you could maybe help provide a little
bit of context on the story of your team
and you know why fans might be
interested in your team and rooting for
watching G Rex Jairus is a team that has
stablish in 2017 using the
original Rasta from rice gaming from
2016 so we have brought in to Korea this
year and also me I came into drugs in
the 2017 so we have several several
countries member playing in this team me
a song color and also Canadian station
candy Koreans and PK and Cola and also
baby the photo taiwanese region so it's
actually pretty funny and pretty unique
I guess since I think there's no team
that have that many nationality in it so
yeah we have a lot of very international
teams in North America with players who
created your all that stuff but but so I
think it's funny because maybe North
American fans can identify with sort of
the unique makeup so for those that
don't know about you we're about in
Canada are you from or maybe you can
tell your story about you know being
from Canada I'm actually I wasn't born
in Canada but yeah I just have to
passport of Canada and I'm a resident of
Canada so I didn't spend a lot of time
in in the North America actually so I do
decided to play in the LMS but I once
get back to the Canada at the 2016 and
try to play in NSO po4 working and
looking for so many teams at that time
but unfortunately I didn't get any
offers that at that time so I kept back
to the LMS for my 2016 season
when did you did you but you lived in
Canada at some point in time right yep I
do study for bit in Canada and I live in
Canada for like having yeah how're you
suck how we're about in Canada is you
live Toronto okay
and so well how you've played in a
couple different solo queues what what
do you think of the different so accused
you've played in I actually played in
China server Korean server Taiwan server
and
nothing my cancer-free how great is the
North American server it's got to be
great right like top tier I would say
it's how to define actually so yeah
because some of the player is really
good like like the pro players and
there's any solo queue actually they
perform really well when they play solo
queue just it's similar to the Korean
server but yeah sometimes you got chosen
you know like too much well do you feel
like because a lot of people feel like
na soloq you actually makes the players
in na worse because maybe that's not as
good as like a Korean cell queue or
trying to slow queue I mean what do you
think having played in so many different
silk use I don't think it matters
because what makes you improve is your
mental your mentality actually if you
play for you try hard every game you
become better it's just all about like
tryharding and their what what do you
think G Rex's chances are throughout the
rest of the tournament what are the
goals maybe for the team I know the U n
na memes but yeah I'm trying to get
above them okay good above aeo in North
America just that's the standard you
just killing above them I'm actually I
think 100 thise and the fan I think it's
also a great team but I think I would
try our best to beat them and getting
the coldest dude I mean a lot of people
I think right now are very skeptical
about hundred thieves after watching
that fnatic game they feel like hundred
thieves isn't that good
do you but you still think that hundred
thieves is pretty good I don't really
know what is their TV shows as I think
Cody Sun is way better than theirs yeah
you Kara so I think if they bring in
Cody Sun tomorrow versus us it would be
a hacking so anything that you want to
say to any of the fans out there who are
trying to learn about G Rex or just
maybe rooting for you guys this is the
first year for our world so it might not
be we can't play in our past for my
guests because we will still get up a
lot of pressure and
nervous so yeah I I just hope everyone
is know was for yeah and it would be
better very good well thank you so much
for the interview
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things worlds
right here on my youtube channel this is
my seventh worlds now and one of the
coolest things about worlds is the the
ability to travel and just enjoy new
things you know it's really easy
sometimes to say inside our comfort
zones but if you venture out you
sometimes find that you can have
experiences you never expected success
you never anticipated and that's why you
know sometimes you're in champion select
you you got a venture outside your
comfort zone you got to try a new
champion because maybe the one you've
been playing you've been losing on you
know and and guess what I got a great
way for you to make an educated decision
about what champion go to the link in
the description right now uggg they're
our sponsor for worlds and you can uh
you can you can type in a champion there
you can learn all about it maybe that's
the champion you need to take on the
next adventure or journey and your life
because let's let's face it like things
you need something new I don't I don't
want to make this personal but listen
the whole point is you da GG will make
sure you never lose champion select
again they're sponsoring our stuff it's
super helpful click the link below check
about super helpful for me thanks so
much